NPR Transcript
“This message comes from Mint Mobile. Mint Mobile took what's wrong with wireless and
made it right. They offer premium wireless plans for less, and all plans include high-speed
data, unlimited talk and text, and nationwide coverage.
See for yourself at mintmobile.com/switch.
Live from NPR News in Washington, I'm Shea Stevens. Secretary of State Marco Rubio says
the United States is going to quote, aggressively provoke visas from students from China.
The announcement comes after a court block the Trump administration's attempt to
terminate visas from nearly 2,000 international students.
NPR's Emily Fang has more.
The State Department said in a cable this week it was pausing interview signups for new
student visa applicants in order to adequately screen their social media profiles. And now
Rubio says the US will enhance visa application scrutiny for students coming from China
and Hong Kong, and terminate the visas for students with quote connections to China's
ruling Communist Party and those who study in what he called critical fields. Depending on
how broadly the State Department and the Department of Homeland Security define those
criteria, this could affect many of the some 280,000 Chinese students at all levels in the
US”
“China is the second biggest source of international students in the US, having recently
been eclipsed by India. Emily Fang and Pure News Washington.
A panel of the US Court of International Trade says President Trump's sweeping tariffs on
global imports are illegal. The panel says Trump overstepped his authority by using the
Emergency Powers Act to justify the import levies. White House spokesperson Kush Desai
says trade deficits are a national emergency that's decimated US communities and left
American workers behind.
President Trump pardoned a handful of people on Wednesday, including a former
congressman and two reality TV stars. Former Connecticut Governor John Rowland also made the list, as WSHU's Molly Ingram reports.
Rowland was Connecticut's governor from 1995 until 2004, when he resigned amid a
corruption scandal. He had accepted illegal gifts, including vacations, flights, and
improvements to his home from people who wanted state contracts. He pleaded guilty to
multiple counts of fraud and spent 10 months in prison.
A decade later, Rowland was found guilty of two counts of falsification of records in
connection with a congressional campaign. He was sentenced to another 30 months in
prison. In addition to Rowland, Trump pardoned former US Representative”
“Michael Grimm from New York and reality stars Todd and Julie Chrisley.
He also commuted the sentence of Chicago gang leader Larry Hoover. For NPR News, I'm
Molly Ingram in Fairfield, Connecticut.
British prosecutors have released a list of charges against Andrew and Tristan Tate. As Bill
and Marks reports, the sibling personalities are accused of rape.
Britain's Crown Prosecution Service says Andrew faces 10 charges linked to three alleged
victims while Tristan faces 11 linked to a single victim. The charges also include assault and
prostitution. The brothers, dual US-UK nationals, are still under ongoing criminal
investigations in Romania.
British officials acknowledge that those must be settled before they can be extradited back
to the UK.
This is NPR. Harvard has agreed to hand over what are believed to be the oldest photos of
South Carolina slaves. The agreement settles a 15-years-long legal battle between the Ivy
League School and a woman who says she is a descendant of one of the slaves in the
photos.
The 175-year-old images are to be transferred from the Peabody Museum of Archaeology
to the International African American Museum in South Carolina. Many doctors specializing
in women's health “say they are grieving the loss of researchers that issued guidelines on
birth control. As NPR's Katie Ariddle reports, the team was among the hundreds of
employees cut from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Eight people were on the CDC team. Their job was to stay up to date on research around
contraception and keep clinicians in America up to date on it as well. Doctors say without
this team, they are at a disadvantage.
Andrea Braden is an obstetrician in Atlanta, Georgia.
It was such a great resource, and they put so much time into it. And I don't know where the
motivation is coming from. I don't know who decided that that was not necessary anymore,
but it deeply affected all OB-GYNs.
NPR reached out to the Department of Health and Human Services for an explanation
about the cuts and did not receive a response. Katie Ariddle, NPR News.
The Florida Panthers have advanced to their third consecutive Stanley Cup final. The
Panthers beat Carolina 5-3 in Game 5 of the playoffs. US.
Futures are higher in after-hours trading on Wall Street. After Wednesday's losses, the Dow
fell 244 points on Asian market “shares are mixed. This is NPR News.
This message comes from Viking, committed to exploring the world in comfort. Journey
through the heart of Europe on an elegant Viking longship with thoughtful service,
destination-focused dining, and cultural enrichment on board and on shore. And every
Viking voyage is all-inclusive with no children and no casinos.
